docs/tr2/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img alt="TR2X logo" src="/data/tr2/logo-light-theme.png#gh-light-mode-only" width="400"/>
<img alt="TR2X logo" src="/data/tr2/logo-dark-theme.png#gh-dark-mode-only" width="400"/>
</p>

TR2X is currently in the early stages of development, focusing on the
decompilation process. We recognize that there is much work to be done.

## Windows

### Installing (manual)

1. Head over to GitHub releases: https://github.com/LostArtefacts/TRX/releases
2. Download the TR2X zip file.
3. Extract the TR2X zip file into a directory of your choice.  
   Make sure you choose to overwrite existing directories and files.
4. (First time installation) Put your original game files into the target directory.
5. To play the game, run `TR2X.exe`.

## Improvements over original game

#### Gameplay

- added an option to fix M16 accuracy while running
- fixed killing the T-Rex with a grenade launcher crashing the game
- fixed secret rewards not displaying shotgun ammo
- fixed numeric keys interfering with the demos
- fixed explosions sometimes being drawn too dark
- fixed controls dialog remapping being too sensitive
- fixed the distorted skybox in room 5 of Barkhang Monastery
- fixed Lara reloading the harpoon gun after every shot in NG+
- fixed the dragon reviving itself after Lara removes the dagger in rare circumstances
- fixed grenades counting as double kills in the game statistics
- fixed the ammo counter being hidden while a demo plays in NG+

#### Visuals

- fixed TGA screenshots crashing the game
- fixed the camera being cut off after using the gong hammer in Ice Palace
- fixed Lara's underwater hue being retained when re-entering a boat

#### Audio

- fixed music not playing with certain game versions
- fixed the audio not being in sync when Lara strikes the gong in Ice Palace

#### Mods
- added developer console (accessible with `/`, see [COMMANDS.md](COMMANDS.md) for details)

Commit message:

stats: fix game hanging if exited during stats or credits
Resolves #1585.

docs/tr2/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img alt="TR2X logo" src="/data/tr2/logo-light-theme.png#gh-light-mode-only" width="400"/>
<img alt="TR2X logo" src="/data/tr2/logo-dark-theme.png#gh-dark-mode-only" width="400"/>
</p>

TR2X is currently in the early stages of development, focusing on the
decompilation process. We recognize that there is much work to be done.

## Windows

### Installing (manual)

1. Head over to GitHub releases: https://github.com/LostArtefacts/TRX/releases
2. Download the TR2X zip file.
3. Extract the TR2X zip file into a directory of your choice.  
   Make sure you choose to overwrite existing directories and files.
4. (First time installation) Put your original game files into the target directory.
5. To play the game, run `TR2X.exe`.

## Improvements over original game

#### Gameplay

- added an option to fix M16 accuracy while running
- fixed killing the T-Rex with a grenade launcher crashing the game
- fixed secret rewards not displaying shotgun ammo
- fixed numeric keys interfering with the demos
- fixed explosions sometimes being drawn too dark
- fixed controls dialog remapping being too sensitive
- fixed the distorted skybox in room 5 of Barkhang Monastery
- fixed Lara reloading the harpoon gun after every shot in NG+
- fixed the dragon reviving itself after Lara removes the dagger in rare circumstances
- fixed grenades counting as double kills in the game statistics
- fixed the ammo counter being hidden while a demo plays in NG+
- fixed the game hanging if exited during the level stats, credits, or final stats

#### Visuals

- fixed TGA screenshots crashing the game
- fixed the camera being cut off after using the gong hammer in Ice Palace
- fixed Lara's underwater hue being retained when re-entering a boat

#### Audio

- fixed music not playing with certain game versions
- fixed the audio not being in sync when Lara strikes the gong in Ice Palace

#### Mods
- added developer console (accessible with `/`, see [COMMANDS.md](COMMANDS.md) for details)
